Hello Hello Friends Welcome to Searching
Knowledgeable Vijay Different Fold I would like to give this number to
all the registered nurses
in this video I am going to discuss stock related matters in which no
one is going to
give commission by going to pay, half of them
were financial advisors, you can take the decision now
ok, so we will see what is the reason for Reliance
Industries stock
falling since last two-three days
and it is falling even after the exam, so I am
feeling that some people
tell me many good things, still
why is he saying this, how does it remain, whenever he
takes the exam, there is an operation of every inverter
that Baba these things should be such that the
expression which is
sometimes felt in the page most of the time, sometimes it is not,
if you will also see the fast train of the exam,
then it has happened many times that after the exam the
stock comes down a bit, so
first of all in the exam, related to the drops of this praise people,
so nothing has been declared about the bonus yet,
its body pattern is not clear at all, so
these are two things that yes first of all
this station is of the parties  You will get something, you get it every time, so
this time too you will get something, if you could
not get it in this situation, then after this, what is the situation of
Saudi Aramco with Reliance,
they have said
that it will be theirs till the canteen,
but what is the matter of people
till the space station, this gym, something related to the heart,
please clarity will come, so the problem is this
Dell is running bad for the first one year, hey,
they also went to say this next one year, meaning, if
this water will go anyway, then for this also,
people got a little dish appointment, after that
they gave a slogan of 2G free and get it,
but there is one thing in this that if they are saying that Jio
phone is going to be launched, then it is understood
and right now this instruction, the Jio phone which they are launching in partnership
with Sure and Google during the Ganpati festival is a
4G smartphone, that is,
before launching the Jio phone, they will bring the customer from 2G to 4G
and after that they will launch this also, the
market might not have liked it,
after that another good thing happened  There was news that
he is also taking initiative in green energy,
businesses are supporting him here,
but now send green energy,
he is also an investor,
how is his life in his house, just like the
role of a father, if any child starts a
new business, then the
father has chances of getting the
money, then
how much capital will be spent, he keeps calculating all these expenses, losses, so
he also gets a
little worried about his inverter that now whatever will be
spent in this new business, then take some cash, there will be some
capital, money, all these
things, from the fundamental point of view,
he felt that maybe from his point of view, he might have found it a
bit useless, okay,
this is one thing, after that, to bring
down the stop, like this brokerage, the biggest people,
now look at the
title, it is a great mimic reaction from
brokerage parties, now which brokerages, which
foreign brokerages, CLSA,
Morgan Stanley, UBS, have
given neutral rating in the brokerage report, so  All this is there
in the brokers' reports that a
little bit of people get a little bit of a feeling about the stock
that right now, yes, maybe these people are
saying negative, this one is saying positive
or there are mixed reactions, if such a
title is given then our own sentiments get created,
so all this research makes me feel
that this stock must have crashed due to the storm,
but it cannot be said that it has
fallen on a very minor mining level, forget about it, because such a fall is bound to happen
because it happened very well even long ago
and now whatever business expansion is there, it takes
some time, so this is
definitely an inverter, people should not see, right now
this feature has inspired a lot,
but how much time will it take for all these things
because right now if anyone wants to open a shop
business like ours at home, then how much capital will it take to open it,
first how much capital will it take, then
deposit for buying the shop, after that purchase the purchase,
then
how much money will be there after investing more capital in it,
after that the business will run, then
whatever capital is there, that has been dipped,  You will have to use it softly,
after that it takes time to make a profit.
Looking at all these things, I feel that investors might have done some
Bluetooth settings at the moment, profit booking might have been done. It is not too
big and
means selling will not be small. If you sit, then
my opinion and my points are that there is nothing much to be
afraid of. Yes,
whatever I just discussed, I am
not able to give any fear. I do not look at the bonus. It is
not that major.
In every exam, you feel that you will get a lot of
things. Anyway, Ambani is a
big personality now, so he will definitely make some
contact. In the future,
his fans will be very big. So,
after whatever we discussed, we understood that this could be due to some thing, that
due to these things, this
demand may have come down, but we cannot call it a press.
This is my opinion. So,
click on the button below, like, share and
subscribe so that
whenever I make such informative videos, they can reach you and other
people. After this, let us now
We will see what to do
if it seems that even after the gym, this
stock is down so much, then it will go down further, it will become clear that look, right now
we are seeing a positive thing, look, the
negative things were
not that big, it was a little but if a little star
Richa is added, it will not come down, then people will
buy, so
all these small sentiments remain, on which
emotions the stock keeps going up and down,
how is it right now, now this is frill, first of all,
look, first of all, there is a small lake in Saudi Arabia, this will happen,
this was the final, so it will be good
positive that if it becomes thick by the final, then the
company will definitely get Bhushan in the future,
after that this Reliance
Retail which is going to grow, lyrics and
325 rates, this is also medical, I mean if
you are a long term investor, if you
see such a good future plan, then
it will have a horizon of 5 years, right now this
money will be made, in a day or two days, because if the
market, this stock falls, then everything is
over, do not live like this, you will have to give yourself some
time, that once  If given time, he
will cry, so they have also asked for
325 and in this, Reliance Retail will be opposed,
after that Google is going to
launch its 4G smartphone submit button, that is, Ganesh festival
and its price can also double
from 25 to near Apple and due to this, the
share price can go back to history
because right now 300 million people are
using unlocked smartphones, so the company which will bring
good plans to sell its mobile will definitely
benefit from it,
right now in the green energy business, it will
make your business switch approved and
their big place is pen coat solar energy will be
established by 2030, that means the next
investor company is going to work on a very big level, the
direct benefit of which will go to the investor only, the
price
is positive but how is it and you will have to give some time to the share business,
if you give some time, the
business will do, it is simple right now, you
can see that Reliance Industries is such an
industry that if you have to invest money in
long term points, I am not saying
that tomorrow it will reach the top.  The
stock will go down after collecting, but right now it is at a very high
level, because the company is falling to a very high
level, it is
not that easy for the company,
and if the company crashes, then the Indian
market is affected by a huge import, the
company has a huge network, so we should
think that this confluence
industry is in the energy sector, in the telecom sector, in the
retail sector, and now it has
also come into the green energy sector, and we have thought that
its indicator can be so bright that if you
hold this stock, its targets will go very
high. Now we have
seen Justin Use, what can happen, what did
not work, so according to me, it is very good,
and I think that you people should
also fold it, if you
find it, then do not press sell related to folding,
this is my advance, and if we
look at its target, then see, I have
once made a pattern from the pattern on the basis of the technical chart,
if you
can see, then it can be pregnant,
but now it also goes into consolidation board for a few days,
that is my
support through such an app, if anyone wants to talk,
first  After 2040, I don't see any possibility of one-day or fall
because there
is so much investment due to strong fundamentals, so much
business is growing and right now there will be a huge
maximum in the add amount, there are
many such things that are
positive, give them time, give them overtime,
after one year or two years this road can
definitely double, then my target
will be of the money fund, but this is not the target of this,
I am saying this right now and yes this is
not my recommendation,
if we give it two years,
give it some time, then it can definitely go up,
these are the projections of those who have a plan
and it is necessary for us to have some correction in the market,
if there is no correction then
how will people purchase the shares and anyway,
whatever news is
there, now the position of big investors is that if the
shares come down a little, then they will
buy, if they go down then this is the trap,
this is the only trap, the market is
played with some emotions as per the retailer, but the retailer  You
should also understand a little, it is the market, it is not like this that every time it will be ours or yours, so
see, I have told you my opinion,
now you have to take the decision whether to
fold it or seal it, so
thank you very much, if you want to
see such informative videos then please
like, share, subscribe and click the bell icon
to never miss new video updates.